Once upon a time before the gods remembered, a chaos bounded the lands of planet [[Mobius]], everything stumbled in flames, darkness, infestation & destruction. It seemed that the world we knew, was never meant to exist. Until one starry night, [[Great Gems||seven comets]] arrived at the planet's sky, orbiting around it for days. Each day, one of them crashed somewhere on the planet and in its place the land began to purify as the life began to sprinkle, giving the beginning of new hope. On the Seventh day, the last comet crashed in a lush jungle, where it caught the attention of a [[Echidna Tribe||feral tribe of warriors]]. When they arrived at the crash-site, instead of a shapeless form of rock & magma, they stumbled upon a Master [[Emerald||great gem]] radiating life force around. They took the gem to their tribe for elders to examine. Their chief upon feeling its power decided to build a shrine for it and worshiped as their god, as the gem increased their lifespan & helped the crops to grow. 

Later, the two brothers were born, both strong and wise through gem's radiation. Although both with opposite goals. [[Edmund the Echidna||One]] wanted to keep the worship of [[Master Emerald]], but his [[Dimitri the Echidna||twin]] aimed for higher goals. He wanted to use the Emerald to help his tribe revolutionize. One day, the two brothers went to chief and tried to convince her for their own goals. The chief ― [[Princess Alucion||Alucion]], not wanting to divide brothers, decided to search for another power source, that beacon along the lands. She formed two groups led by one of the brothers, one went to the east, as the other went to the west.

The one that led the Journey to the west, came back successful, as his people found the ruins of [[The Ancients||long-lost civilization]], that predated the appearance of the comets, yet unaffected by chaos. The other group, never came back, devoured by destruction, yet only the brother came back as the only survivor. As both brothers returned, the clan relocated to abandoned ruins, exploring further civilization before them. In the main temple of ruins, they found a [[Hidden Palace Zone||shrine]] with seven much smaller [[Chaos Emeralds||gems]] than the one in their possession. Although it wasn't all that abandoned as the shrine was inhabited by small, vaguely [[Chao||anthropomorphic creatures]]. The clan permanently settled on the land, as they took care of the ruin's critters.

Months later, the clan was visited by an [[Rava the Destroyer||outsider]], a persona not from these lands. At first, he seemed humble & friendly. They greeted the newcomer and provided the shelter under their knuckles. The person was interested in their culture and worship of the [[Master Emerald||Great Gem]] and willed to learn all about these jewelries. Unfortunately, the seeming newcomer turned out into a malicious intruder who abused their welcome. [[Rava the Destroyer||The intruder]] revealed his ulterior motives, as he stole the seven gems of the [[Hidden Palace Zone||hidden palace]]. The clan tried to stop him, but as they approached, the intruder absorbed the gems, [[Super Form||unleashing devastating power]]. The warriors quickly got overwhelmed by the destroyer, getting forced to stay hidden from him and plot how to banish him. In the moment of trial, the brothers for the first time agreed on usage of the [[Master Emerald]].

As [[Rava the Destroyer||the destroyer]] enforced his reign on [[Echidna Tribe||unfortunate tribe members]], the brothers snuck inside the temple where the Great Gem was kept. As they got closer, one of them tripped, alarming the usurper inside the temple. They had to react quick, the worshiper decided to distract him as the other kept getting closer to [[Master Emerald]]. When [[Rava the Destroyer||Destroyer]] was about to kill the [[Edmund the Echidna||brother]], [[Dimitri the Echidna||the other]] managed to reach to the [[Master Emerald||Emerald]], absorbing all of its radiation. At this moment, he felt all the [[Super Form||strength & power]] inside of him, as his feet loose the grasp of the ground. Seeing his brother about to get killed by the destroyer, immediately charged at the opponent, knocking him into one of the pillars. The fight went fierce, as the worshiper evacuated remaining folk out of the temple, as the two demigods clashed each other. Unfortunately, the temple didn't survive the encounter, collapsing onto itself from the broken pillars, burying two warriors underneath itself.

Although the loss of the shrine, the brother resurfaced victorious, as there was no trace of the destroyer after removing the debris. The tribe celebrated the victory of the two brothers & banishment of the usurper, swearing to never let any outsider in.

As for the two brothers, their ideas on how to keep intruders out divided them even more, resulting in internal conflict within the tribe. One wanted to hide within the lush & dungeons, as the other wanted harsh enforcement of their territory. Their disagreement resulted in division not only of [[Knuckles Clan||the tribe]], but the [[Chaos Emeralds||seven gems]] scattered across the land as well, as the [[Nocturnus Clan||enforcers]] got banished and claimed traitors by the [[Princess Alucion||chief]].