One of the many [[Incidents#Sonic the Hedgehog (16-bit) South Island ~ Scrap Brain Incident|incidents]] that happened on [[South Island]], but the most prevalent one. [[Dr. Eggman|Dr. Ivo Robotnik]] conquered the factories of [[Scrap Brain Zone]], successfully turning them into his operation base. Although the readings from his machines detected [[Chaos Energy|anomalous discharges]] within the island.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the [[South Island|island]] blue hedgehog [[Sonic the Hedgehog|Sonic]] was running across [[Green Hill Zone]] enjoying the morning breeze to its fullest. Unfortunately, on his way, [[Sonic the Hedgehog|Blue Blur]] stumbled upon a freshly deployed group of [[Badniks]] that terrorized Zone's [[Critters|critter folk|]]. Not allowing for such harm, Sonic tackled Badniks. To his surprise, the destroyed Badniks freed captured critters. It became apparent to Sonic as to why Badniks started to capture animals. Mad doctor started to use alive animals as more efficient power source for his devious machines. Having enough of Doctor's schemes, Sonic decided to thwart Robotnik's plans and banish him from South Island once & for all. 

On his way through hills & loop-de-loops of [[Green Hill Zone]], Sonic was freeing critters from Badnik's shells, destroying mysterious [[Monitors|monitors]] scattered across the zone & collecting [[Rings|gold rings]] that allow him to access mysterious [[Checkpoints|gateways]], that connects one to another. He constantly kept running, dodging traps placed by the doctor, only occasionally stopping around nearby [[Villages|villages]] & [[Egg Beacons|Beacons]] that serve as routers to local Badnik groups.

As he got closer to the second Beacon, he collected the 50th ring. After getting to the beacon, a [[Giant Ring]] appeared above it. Sonic, not thinking further, jumped into the ring & as he went inside, he got nauseous & blacked out. As Blue Blur sobered, he found himself inside a vibrant, [[Special Stage|constantly rotating maze]] full of bumpers, switches, breakable gem-blocks & [[Unnamed 4D Beings|strange creatures]] morphing between giant fishes & birds. As he traversed around the labyrinth of confusion, bumping between obstacles, he found a chamber full of gem-blocks. Upon making the way through them, Sonic found inside a [[Chaos Emeralds|peculiar gem]], floating in the middle. When grabbed, the entire world revolved around quickly, blacking him out again.

After waking up, Blue Blur looked around, noticing that he is at the same spot as before entering the giant ring. At first, he thought it was just a weird dream, but despite this feeling, he was still holding a blue gem. The same as he found in the maze. Not wasting any second more, he hid the gem & continued the chase after Robotnik. As he ran, he started to hear Doctor's vexed rumblings & immediately headed into his direction. He found the madman in his [[Eggmobile|hovercraft]] with a [[Egg Wrecker|giant wrecking-ball]] attached to it by metal chain. Robotnik was destroying hills & burrows inhabited by critters. Upon noticing [[Sonic the Hedgehog|Blue Devil]] himself, he furiously tried to smash him into pieces, but unfortunately, Sonic was too quick for doctor's wrecking and managed to break the change. Robotnik, now disarmed, activated thrusts in his hovercraft & fled the scene, leaving behind [[Prison Egg|capsule]] with captured animals. Sonic pushed the button on top of it & freed his critter friends.

As his animal friends got freed, they told Blue Blur about their friends getting captured in the ruins of [[Marble Zone]]. Not wasting a second, our hero immediately went ahead, destroying hordes of Badniks on the way. Structures of [[Marble Zone]] felt the crunch of time on their bricks, as Sonic wandered around, only to imagine how in their times they shined with greatness. Now the only inhabitants left were the small animals digging burrows in marble, and yet, their appearance was cut short by the claws of nefarious [[Dr. Eggman||Doctor Robotnik]]. As he went inside of one of the shrines, he was met with a shady figure hidden in the corner. [[Rava the Destroyer||The figure]] welcomed Sonic to his lair and asked blue blur to sit. As Sonic sat down, the old man stepped out of the shadow to have a closer look at the newcomer. Although his presence was still hidden within the ragged cloak, only showing his clawed hands. The man asked him if he'd like to listen to the legend of seven stones and the one to rule them all. Sonic, curious what the man is about to say, showed interest in legend. The man's grin shined through the cloak & started to tell a [[The Legend of Seven Emeralds & their Master||tale]]. 

As the Blue Blur listened, he became more suspicious towards the man. He asked the man, if the gems mentioned in the story, looked something like the one in his possession. As he pulled out the gem, the man's pupils narrowed slightly. The bait was caught, as he asked hedgehog, how did he found one. But before Blue Blur could respond, the man reached towards him with his sharp claws. Sonic jumped out of the reach, as the figure in his tantrum revealed his pale, reptile-like face, and yet Sonic found something human in his glare... madness. The Old Destroyer grabbed his laying in the corner staff, and swung towards the hedgehog like a mace. Sonic dodged the attack, but the impact made by the mysterious power source in the staff, caused the ground to quake & the shrine's pillars began to crack. Rava, in blind rage caused by seeing the gem, kept swinging his staff, not caring about the collapse of the shrine. Yet, his story was fated to end as in the tale, as Sonic managed to exit the shrine before burying the two. Blue Blur left the ruins, putting the last thought on the tale told by the madman.

Progressing further through the Zone, Blue Blur passed through another Beacon. Upon deactivation, badniks nearby began cleaning the rubble they caused. Seeing their effort, Sonic smiled as [[Catterkiller||Catterkillers]] started to rummage through debris. Not wasting a second longer, he immediately went ahead, but something told him to go into the inside of the temple. As he got deeper in the dungeon, the need for light, hadn't increased as to his surprise, civilization be engraved in Marble, managed to use flowing lava as a source of eternal light, flowing slowly through tight corridors on the side. Unfortunately, the very next room Sonic got into, forced him to play "The Floor is Lava" game, as the couple of floating platforms & loose stalactites were his only way to get through to the other side. When he stepped on the first platform, a group of [[Batbrain||Batbrains]] swarmed him from the side. When they approached him, Sonic use them to traverse through the lava lake to the other side. He kept them intact to relocate them later with the Beacon.
Sonic entered the corridor leading to the center room. But as he made a step, he stepped on a pressure plate, and before he could react, a bunch of spikes spontaneously released from the ceiling, as it began to move towards the floor. The clanking of the mechanical chains dulled the quick steps of the hedgehog as he ran between the pistons & spikes from the floor. The last piston sprung quickly from the ceiling, trying to cut off the way to center room, but before it closed shut, Sonic managed to slide underneath it, only getting his glove caught and tore by the spiked piston. 

Blue Blur looked behind for the last time at the hallway of "death" and focused on what's standing in the middle of the room. To his surprise, it was another [[Checkpoints||gateway]], like many of them on the surface. "How did you get here?" Sonic pondered, as he got closer to the pole. He flipped the bumper of it & went ahead to the next hallway. The next room had another lava lake underneath & moving pistons that pushed marble blocks into the fiery chasm. Sonic sighed, seeing another platforming, but at least it didn't have any Robotnik's troops. As he jumped across the blocks, pistons & chains, he found himself in the shrine of which all the traps wanted to defend it on the way. The room was much bigger than the gateway one. It was ornamented by marble pillars, blocks & effigies of mobians. But the most interesting part of the shrine stood in the middle, a small pyramid reached the ceiling in its full glory as the statue of hedgehogs with spears in their hands kept guard around it. Despite not being able to see what's on the top, Sonic managed to notice glimpses of the [[Giant Ring]], spinning idly. As he took a step forward, nothing happened... seemingly. But before he could take another, the [[Marble Golems||statues]] surrounding the pyramid, began to move, as all of them pointed their spears towards Sonic. Blue Blur smiled nervously, but inside he was intrigued to know what this temple was trying to hide & why he felt the need to go deeper. But before he could ponder, one of the spears flew near his head, sticking deep in the marble. As the next spears began to fly towards him, he [[Spindash||spindashed]] out of their way, knocking over a few statues. As they tried to tackle him, he began to jump on their heads, till the marble couldn't stand the friction of vigorous quills. As he managed to pierce through their defences and get closer to pyramid's stairs, all the statues deactivated, as energy beams launch from their core. The energy struck a [[Marble Golems#Marble Warrior||bigger "statue"]] engraved on the ceilling, that look over the "battlefield". Suddenly dust fell down, as the ceilling began to shake & the statue was getting out of its frames. It landed right in front of Sonic, giving him a warning glare.

Tags: #Games
