"Hot News! A [[Cranky Kong||giant ape]] from a circus show had escaped from its cage and now terrorizes the local area!" Says the headline of today's newspaper. As the [[Mario Rescuer (Jumpman)||retired acrobat]] read the headline, he shrugged it off, because it was none of his deal after all. But when he turned to the next page & read further, it said: "the Mischievous ape, named by fans "[[Cranky Kong||Donkey Kong]]" from the [[Great New York City Circus Show]], was found on the construction site of the future city hall. Our reporters had reported that Kong had capture & kept hostage a civilian.". He couldn't believe what he read, he hasn't seen the ape since the last incident & it turns out it never left the city? Oh no, that's enough, it turns out that our beloved [[Mario Rescuer (Jumpman)||Jumpman Mario]] needs to humble that gorilla once again. He immediately put on his red overalls & cap and left his apartment.

As he got into the [[Construction Site||construction site]], there was no one around except the gorilla himself. Both made an eye contact, when Mario realized who DK kept hostage. The monkey had captured beloved [[Lady Louise]], and judging by his growls, he won't leave her free soon. As the carpenter get closer to the Ape, he immediately began to crawl on top of [[25m||the scaffolding]], bending girders under his weight. Mario began to chase the ape, but before he could move to the higher girder, a blue barrel appeared in front of him, but as he vaulted over it, the barrel crashed into an oil drum placed to refuel various machinery on the site. The impact between metal objects created the spark, which immediately ignited spilled oil. To Jumpman's surprise, the fire had splutted animate [[Fireballs||fireballs]] that began to chase carpenter himself. Not wanting to get burned, Mario hurried through scaffolds, vaulting & jumping over barrels both blue & orange. On his way, he grabbed a sledgehammer & crushed further through obstacles. As he got closer to the top, he threw the hammer into one of the pillars connected to the platform which Donkey Kong was standing on. Taking the advantage from Kong's losing balance, he climbed on the ladder leading to the girder where Lady was held, but before they could reunite, the ape balanced his way out, and caught her, climbing higher into the construction site.

